Use Case Title: Deliver Groceries
Primary Actor: Driver
Level: Kite (Summary)
Stakeholders: Customer, Store, Driver
Precondition: Order has been completed at the store
Minimal Gaurantee: Items in order will be available for the customer
Success Guarantee: Grocery order will be delivered; sent to specified address. 
Trigger: Order fulfilled by Store Employee(s)

Main Success Scenario:
	1. Driver is notified order is complete and given order information
	2. Driver arrives at store
	3. Driver is given order to deliver
	4. Driver arrives at specified address
	5. Driver finishes delivering groceries

Extentions:
	1a. Driver is unable to be notified
		1a1. A different driver is notified
	2a. Driver arrives at incorrect store
		2a1. Driver contacts correct store; Drives to correct store; Customer is informed.
		2a2. Driver contacts correct store; A different driver is assigned and notified; Customer is informed.
	3a. Driver receives incorrect order; notices upon receiving items.
		3a1. Driver informs store; Incorrect items replaced with correct items; Customer is informed.
	4a. Driver arrives at incorrect address
		4a1. Customer notifies driver of issue; driver returns to incorrect address and relocates items to the correct address.
	4b. Driver is unable to locate address
		4b1. Driver contacts customer; Customer explains how to get to address via phone call.
		4b2. Driver is unable to contact customer; Driver returns to the store and returns items. Once customer is able to be contacted, the adress is fixed and another driver is contacted.
	5a. Driver or Customer notices one or more items are missing
		5a1. Driver contacts store; Item(s) are aquired. Driver returns to store, receives item(s), then returns to address and delivers them to the customer.
		5a2. Driver contacts store; Item(s) are unavailable. Customer is refunded for the missing items and is given compensation for the inconvenience.
	5b. Driver or Customer notices one or more items are not in the order
		5b1. Driver contacts store; driver delivers incorrect item(s) to store to be put away.